[Music]
and i
think to myself
[Music]
what a wonderful
good morning guys so i'm gonna go ahead
and get my skin
all prepped for my shark dive with a
little help from wishtrend
they're a global skincare company that
carries a lot of korean products
and you guys know how much i love korean
skincare and their site is entirely
cruelty free which really takes the
hassle out of finding those products
which i love
so first i go in with this powder
cleanser and it's actually the number
one cleanser they have from by wishtrend
which is their brand and i really love
it because it exfoliates my skin really
gently
and leaves it feeling super smooth
and then i go in with this ampoule i
hope i'm saying that right it's also by
wishtrend and
is anti-inflammatory and really helps
with my acne so
i love putting this on first thing in
the morning and i try to use light
strokes so i'm not like
dragging my face but i'm still learning
about that part
and then i go in with this rice serum
which i love it just makes my skin feel
so smooth
and nice and i pair it with the
rice cream as well and i think you can
use them by themselves but they
recommend you use them together and i've
definitely noticed a difference
and i love how it has all these vitamins
in it and really just leaves my skin
feeling so so hydrated it's super rich
and creamy
[Music]
and then lastly i just go in with some
sunscreen which i use
every single day and now we're all ready
to go
for our shark dive so let's do it
oh my gosh
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
on the things that come to you
[Music]
you and i will fall in love
espresso shake anything else for you uh
that's it yeah thank you can you get
your name sienna
did you guys think your bikinis are so
cute
thank you
yeah i did it was horrible so basically
sarah and i left the moon
window sunroof sunroom window i call it
the moon
the moon the moon roof moon right light
moon roof yeah
i don't know because you're driving you
see the moon but anyway the sunroof um
we didn't realize it could come down or
like you could stick your arms out and
like do it yeah open up
we found this little button and we
managed to find it and we drove around
like this with like
all the windows down and had it like had
a time and
dropped it open forgot to close it
because we had never
used it before um so it didn't even
register and then we had the worst
thunderstorm
overnight that we have had in years
flooding horrible rain everything and um
it was open the whole it was open the
whole time
yep that's fun now it just is our entire
car is flooded it
smells so bad in here like the entire
ocean washed up
and our radio doesn't work
and i like oh yeah our whole okay our ac
works thank goodness
it finally got back to working but our
whole like radio like
audio system doesn't work so then we
have our big speaker in here
so that we can play music yes let's turn
on
the card
i'm gonna miss you dude
sad song nope nope we can't do that we
can pump up music
[Music]
is easy
i think about you all the time
[Music]
you